This dress and bag
It also seems to be worth a lot.
Just like the last female star of the moment
Did you see the Maybach parked at the door?
Quanyun City has only three units worth millions
Gu Jinxi, why are you everywhere?
Places like Kangchen Yipin
You can come too
It's from the house and your house.
I love it
Are you in charge?
You are so shameless
Ye Haochen gave you the 500,000
Even the toilets in the outermost buildings that block the ash
You can't even afford it, can you?
If you win Yuncheng's richest daughter goes home
It turns out that these people treat me as
The eldest lady from the richest man in Yuncheng
Then I will be wrong
That's right, I'm the richest daughter in Yuncheng
The eldest lady you greeted
Are you mistaken?
I am her eldest lady
Just you ride a little broken motorcycle and wear a lot of stall goods
How dare you pretend to be rich in this country
Did you see the car at the door?
Sell you and you can't afford a wheel
Isn't it Maybach?
What's there to show off in such an ordinary car?
My garage is full
I'm tired of watching
Are you crazy?
Gu Jinxi, you don't pay taxes because you brag
So so unscrupulous?
Miss, don't be angry
I'll let someone drive this poor man away
What are you still doing?
Do it, wait a minute
What about me?
There are hotel designs that have been walked with you Kang Chen
I am the hero
Is this really hotel design?
Do you really know Manager Liu?
Manager Liu is the person in charge of all the first grades in Kangcheng
Directly obey the Gu family
Could it be that you are really a down payment daughter?